com/example/qctestingapp/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/qctestingapp/MasterImagesAdapter.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.MasterImagesAdapter
 com.example.qctestingapp.MasterImagesAdapter$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.MasterImagesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/NavHeaderMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.NavHeaderMainPageBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/QuestionsBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.QuestionsBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/QRScanner.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.QRScanner
 com.example.qctestingapp.QRScanner$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.QRScanner$2
com/example/qctestingapp/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ContentMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ContentMainPageBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/CompleteDialog.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.CompleteDialog
 com.example.qctestingapp.CompleteDialog$OnBackListner
 com.example.qctestingapp.CompleteDialog$OnContinueListner
com/example/qctestingapp/MyService.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.MyService
 com.example.qctestingapp.MyService$1
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/PrintItemBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.PrintItemBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/MyDbHelper.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.MyDbHelper
com/example/qctestingapp/ImageRegistrationAdapter.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistrationAdapter
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistrationAdapter$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistrationAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/qctestingapp/QuestionsAdapter.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.QuestionsAdapter
 com.example.qctestingapp.QuestionsAdapter$VHQuestions
 com.example.qctestingapp.QuestionsAdapter$VHQuestions$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.QuestionsAdapter$VHQuestions$2
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/QcCheckLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.QcCheckLayoutBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/CompleteDialogBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.CompleteDialogBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/CameraButtonBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.CameraButtonBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityCustomCameraBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityCustomCameraBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/Database.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Database
 com.example.qctestingapp.Database$DatabaseHelper
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/FragmentPartBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.FragmentPartBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/qctestingapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.BuildConfig
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityQcheckBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityQcheckBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityImageRegistrationItemBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityImageRegistrationItemBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/ItemClickListener.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ItemClickListener
com/example/qctestingapp/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityMasterImagesItemBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityMasterImagesItemBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityMainPageBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityImageRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityImageRegistrationBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityQrscannerBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityQrscannerBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/Questions_main.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions_main
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActionbarLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActionbarLayoutBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/MasterImages.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.MasterImages
com/example/qctestingapp/CustomCameraBox.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.CustomCameraBox
com/example/qctestingapp/QCheckAdapter.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheckAdapter
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheckAdapter$VhQuestions
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityQcheckItemBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityQcheckItemBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.MainActivity
 com.example.qctestingapp.MainActivity$OnBtnCheckListner
 com.example.qctestingapp.MainActivity$OnBtnCheckListner$1
com/example/qctestingapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/qctestingapp/CameraPreview.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.CameraPreview
 com.example.qctestingapp.CameraPreview$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.CameraPreview$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.CameraPreview$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.CameraPreview$4
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityMasterImagesBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityMasterImagesBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityCameraPreviewBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityCameraPreviewBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityQuestionsBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityQuestionsBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.qctestingapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityQrscanBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityQrscanBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/CustomCamera.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.CustomCamera
 com.example.qctestingapp.CustomCamera$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.CustomCamera$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.CustomCamera$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.CustomCamera$4
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/ActivityBatteryBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.ActivityBatteryBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/Box.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Box
com/example/qctestingapp/QCheck1.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$10
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$11
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$12
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$13
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$14
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$15
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$16
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$17
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$18
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$4
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$5
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$6
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$7
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$8
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$9
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck1$ObjectDetectionThread
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/AppBarMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.AppBarMainPageBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/MySingleton.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.MySingleton
com/example/qctestingapp/BoxQRScanner.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.BoxQRScanner
com/example/qctestingapp/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/qctestingapp/ServerJson.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$10
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$11
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$12
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$13
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$14
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$15
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$4
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$5
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$5$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$6
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$7
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$8
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$9
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$ErrorListner
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$GetPartnameListner
 com.example.qctestingapp.ServerJson$JSONObjectResponseListener
com/example/qctestingapp/Questions.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions$4
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions$5
 com.example.qctestingapp.Questions$OnBtnNextClickListner
com/example/qctestingapp/NetworkStateChecker.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.NetworkStateChecker
com/example/qctestingapp/QCheck.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$10
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$4
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$5
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$6
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$7
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$8
 com.example.qctestingapp.QCheck$9
com/example/qctestingapp/ImageRegistration.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$10
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$11
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$12
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$13
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$14
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$15
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$16
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$17
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$4
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$5
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$6
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$7
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$8
 com.example.qctestingapp.ImageRegistration$9
com/example/qctestingapp/Fragments/PartFragment.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Fragments.PartFragment
 com.example.qctestingapp.Fragments.PartFragment$ImageTask
com/example/qctestingapp/QRScan.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.QRScan
com/example/qctestingapp/Battery.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Battery
 com.example.qctestingapp.Battery$1
 com.example.qctestingapp.Battery$2
 com.example.qctestingapp.Battery$3
 com.example.qctestingapp.Battery$4
 com.example.qctestingapp.Battery$5
com/example/qctestingapp/Main_page.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.Main_page
 com.example.qctestingapp.Main_page$1
com/example/qctestingapp/ScanQR.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ScanQR
com/example/qctestingapp/ScanQR1.java
 com.example.qctestingapp.ScanQR1
